Syntax Lookup: Extension Points (#444)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/extension_identity.mdx

---
id: "identity"
keywords: ["identity", "external", "type", "convert"]
name: "%identity"
summary: "This is the `identity` extension point."
category: "extensionpoints"
---

> `%identity` is used with `external` to convert a value from one type to another type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`%identity` is used with `external` to do an **unsafe conversion** of a value from one type to another type.
```
